README.md, before:

# HDGraph

## What is HDGraph?

"HDG is a free tool allowing to graphically display the hard disk space usage. It shows all the directories and subdirectories of the hard drive on a single graph, allowing [you] to see the largest directories at a glance."
-Quote from [HDGraph's documentation](https://hdgraph.sourceforge.net/doc/en/HDGraph.htm)

HDGraph was originally created by Jean-Yves Laugel. It is hosted on [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/hdgraph/) and was created with [SVN](https://subversion.apache.org/). It was last updated in 2015 with the release of version 1.5.1.

## What are the goals of this project?

The goals of this project are to:

- [ ] Update HDGraph to use modern technologies (most notably .NET 8)
- [ ] Port to Avalonia UI (a cross-platform UI framework)
- [ ] Pave the way for new features

## What is the roadmap for this project?

Once the cleanup and modernization are done, HDGraph will be ready for its first release (2.0). After that, new features can be considered.

## Who am I?

I'm Jacob, a software developer from Germany. I'm currently studying at university and I'm planning on working on this project in my free time. I'm still learning C# and .NET, so any help would be greatly appreciated.

Commit message:

Account for new project name, app name will stay

README.md, after:

# HDGraph.Core

## What is HDGraph [.Core]?

HDGraph.Core is a project which aims to update and modernize the original HDGraph. But what is this HDGraph?

"HDG is a free tool allowing to graphically display the hard disk space usage. It shows all the directories and subdirectories of the hard drive on a single graph, allowing [you] to see the largest directories at a glance."
-Quote from [HDGraph's documentation](https://hdgraph.sourceforge.net/doc/en/HDGraph.htm)

HDGraph was originally created by Jean-Yves Laugel,  hosted on [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/hdgraph/) and created with [SVN](https://subversion.apache.org/). It was last updated in 2015 with the release of version 1.5.1.

## What are the goals of this project?

The goals of this project are to:

- [ ] Update HDGraph to use modern technologies (most notably .NET 8)
- [ ] Port to Avalonia UI (a cross-platform UI framework)
- [ ] Pave the way for new features

## What is the roadmap for this project?

Once the cleanup and modernization are done, HDGraph will be ready for its first release (2.0). After that, new features can be considered.

## Who am I?

I'm Jacob, a software developer from Germany. I'm currently studying at university and I'm planning on working on this project in my free time. I'm still learning C# and .NET, so any help would be greatly appreciated.
